What is going on guys and welcome to our next project and this project we're going to be creating a
music app so you can see we're here we're going to have a logo.
We're here with links on the site over here.
We're going to have all here a button and actually hides in a bar.
And once we click it again tax actual number shows up.
Then over here these are going to be awesome.
And this is going to be the input this is going to be another image right.
This is going to be the whole thing is going to be top notch.
Then over here we're going to have a song list with a picture artist song and then we're going to have
fun Tarsem icons over here.
And then next we're going to be using a whole curso for our Here the artist in a song right.
So these are going to be top songs.
Now as I'm hovering over the image you'll see that I'll have icons showing up here right.
And the actual images is going to be zooming in and again this is going to be the carousel and we're
going to look at how we can customize it.
And then over here once we go to the small screen or here the knob bar is going to disappear actually
right.
And over here we're going to have now borrow bottle here.
Right.
And again this is going to be the top now.
Right now the button is going to be all here instead of all here right.
So we're going to get rid of this button and there's going to be a button over here.
And then again as I scroll down right Hogan-Howe we'll see that we're going to have the same map.
So let's get going and let's start working on this project.